Life will always be incomplete without curiosity. 

Mathematics is the answer! Wait.. Is it quantum mechanics? Neuroscience? Wait.. Mathematics 
represents the world in symbolism, and quantum mechanics utilizes this symbolism to understand how
Beautifully complex the world behaves, and that in itself is a product of our consciousness state as agents, allowing us to experience this complexity...
Uhh~ Gosh.. I need to ask more questions! 

Watching MIT 8.04 Quantum Physics I from Allan opened a new perspective for me to view the world in. I technically learned Quantum Physics;
although its almost like I somehow have more questions than answers. But it isn't just questions, the more increasingly complex an abstract topic becomes, the more questions emerge than answers. 
Side comment: Every time I have a conversation about Intelligence, the more I begin to realize how ridiculous it is that we haven't developed a general intelligence algorithm. 
Humans can do extraordinary things with such limited electrical energy. Maybe instead of scaling, we could understand how a human can do it? IF we want human-like AI,
It would make more sense to understand how humans naturally process language, transfer, and synthesize knowledge between domains. 
Humans spend an enormous amount of computing resources and money to build a trillion-token model that can only find statistical relationships between text.
A better question that isnt frequenlty asked is: How can a artfically intelligent agent curiously ask questions without an underlying mechanism explicitly driving it?
Like, independently asking questions, differentiated from acquiring knowledge without having a human hovering over it. 
Maybe humans don't understand information the way we think. After all, life is full of unexpected mysteries waiting to be discovered. 
If we answer that, we know were in the right direction.

I am going to end this entry. I do need to work on natural language processing stuff, currently writing a white paper similar to Attention is all you need, but trying to mathematically represent causal inference understanding
to that of a human, or as I like to say, biological agents. 
